( Bell Dings )
( Ship's Horn Blows )
( Buzzing )
( Roars )
( Antique Car Horn
Honking )
( Horn Honks )
( Engine Sputters, Stops )
( Splat )
( Squawking )
OHH. OHH
-HO
-HO !
DOES THAT HURT.
OHH-HO-HO.
OHH !
IT IS UNBELIEVABLE...
HOW MUCH PAIN
A THING LIKE THIS CAN CAUSE.
IT, UH-- HAVE YOU
EVER HAD A CORN ?
NO, I HAVE NEVER
HAD A CORN.
REGENT DIETZ, I KNOW THAT
IT'S HOT TODAY AND PEOPLE
ARE A BIT OUT OF SORTS,
BUT THERE IS NO REASON
TO BE MAD AT ME JUST BECAUSE
I HAVE A CORN ON MY FOOT.
I AM NOT MAD AT YOU
BECAUSE YOU HAVE A CORN
ON YOUR FOOT.
I AM MAD BECAUSE
I HAVE SOMETHING
IMPORTANT TO SAY...
AND I HAVEN'T
BEEN ABLE TO GET IT OUT
BECAUSE OF YOUR FOOT.
I'M EITHER HEARING ABOUT IT,
OR YOU'RE LIMPING
AROUND ON IT.
WILL YOU PLEASE
SIT DOWN ?
( Murmurs )
SIT DOWN. YES--
OHH.
( Grunts )
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
THAT'S BETTER. YES.
WELL--
I HAVE A MESSAGE FROM
THE BOARD OF REGENTS.
GOOD. THE BOARD OF REGENTS.
HOW IS THE BOARD THESE DAYS ?
- DISAPPOINTED.
- DISAPPOINTED ?
DISAPPOINTED.
DISAPP--
UH, AB-BOUT WHAT ?
PLENTY.
THEY FEEL THAT YOUR PROBLEMS
HERE AT THE SCHOOL
ARE OVERWHELMING.
WELL, SO DO I.
AND THE BOARD WANTS ACTION.
NEW BLOOD. FRESH IDEAS.
TOP LEVEL CHANGES, HIGGINS.
THAT'S WHAT THE BOARD WANTS
AND, FRANKLY, I AGREE.
OH, UH, GOOD THINKING,
DIETZ.
YES ! FRESH FACES.
NEW BLOOD.
TOP LEVEL CHANGES.
THAT'S THE TICKET.
GOOD !
GOOD TO HEAR
THAT YOU AGREE.
WHEN ARE YOU LEAVING ?
OH, JUST AS SOON AS I CAN--
WHAT ? WHEN AM I--
WELL, Y-YOU DIDN'T MEAN...
TOP LEVEL CHANGES.
YES, HIGGINS.
TOP LEVEL.
WELL, NOT THE VERY
TIPPY-TIPPY-TOP.
WELL, SURELY NOT THE VERY
TIPPY-TIPPY-TIPPY TOP.
YES, I'M AFRAID
THE VERY TIPPY-TIPPY...
TIPPY TOP.
LET'S FACE IT, HIGGINS:
YOU'VE HAD YEARS TO GET THIS
PLACE BACK ON ITS FINANCIAL
FEET AND YOU HAVEN'T DONE IT.
WASTE.
WASTE, WASTE.
HERE.
LOOK AT THIS BUDGET.
WELL, THE COSTS FOR THE
SCIENCE DEPARTMENT ALONE,
THEY'RE RIDICULOUS.
OH, THE SCIENCE D--
THAT'S THAT QUIGLEY AGAIN.
OH, I KNOW--
I-I'LL FIRE HIM.
THAT'LL END THE WASTE.
OH, I GUARANTEE THAT.
QUIGLEY OUT, WASTE OUT.
YOU'LL SEE. OHH--
I'M AFRAID FIRING QUIGLEY
IS NOT GOING TO SATISFY
THE BOARD OF REGENTS.
NOW, HIGGINS, LET'S NOT
MAKE A PROBLEM OUT OF THIS.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
STEP DOWN GRACEFULLY ?
STEP DOWN ?
WELL, I-I CAN'T STEP DOWN.
I'M RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF MY,
UH, UH, MY PROMOTIONAL
PROGRAM.
- PROMOTIONAL PROGRAM ?
- YES !
T-TO RAISE MONEY.
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT,
ISN'T IT ? MONEY ?
YES, MONEY.
BUT HOW--
HOW ?
DON'T YOU WORRY
ABOUT--
UH, UH, ALL I NEED
IS 30 DAYS.
HIGGINS,
HONESTLY, I DON'T--
THIRTY DAYS,
REGENT DIETZ.
ALL RIGHT, 30 DAYS.
BUT THAT'S IT.
NO MORE EXCUSES THIS TIME.
( Sighs ) I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GOING TO TELL
THE BOARD OF REGENTS.
REGENT DIETZ, YOU'LL FIND
YOUR CONFIDENCE IN ME
IS AMPLY REWARDED.
WHAT CONFIDENCE ?
"WHAT CON--"
OHH. ( Chuckles )
IN 30 DAYS, THE CHANGES
YOU'LL FIND AROUND--
HIGGINS,
I'VE ALREADY TOLD YOU--
YOU HAVE YOUR 30 DAYS.
BUT DO SOMETHING.
LET'S GET SOME ORDER
RESTORED AROUND THIS PLACE
ABOVE ALL,
AND NO MORE
EXPENSIVE NONSENSE.
UH, REGENT DIETZ, THERE IS
NO NONSENSE GOING ON AROUND
HERE, I CAN ASSURE YOU.
IF THERE WERE,
I WOULD SEE IT.
NOTHING ESCAPES MY EYE.
HIGGINS,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
HOW-- WHAT--
WHAT AM I DOING ?
UH,
YOU FORGOT SOMETHING.
FORGOT SOMETHING ?
YES, YOU FORGOT YOUR, UH--
OH, YOUR HAT.
OH, YES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS IS NOT MY HAT.
- AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I WASN'T EVEN WEARING A HAT.
- OH, TH-THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S MY HAT.
I THOUGHT I RECOGNIZED THAT.
OH, AND TELL
THE BOARD OF REGENTS
TO CHEER UP.
EVERY CLOUD
HAS A SILVER LINING.
( Chuckles )
DOESN'T IT ?
TYPE SOMETHING.
A LITTLE HIGHER
ON YOUR SIDE.
THAT'S IT.
LEAVE IT RIGHT WHERE IT IS.
PERFECT.
HEY, DEXTER,
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT ?
THAT'S TERRIFIC, SCHUYLER.
YEAH, IT DOES
LOOK PRETTY GOOD,
DOESN'T IT ?
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT SURE
A COW TWICE AS STARVED
AS RUTHYBELLE...
WOULD HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THIS STUFF.
WELL, IT'S PROBABLY
THAT ACID TASTE
SHE DOESN'T LIKE.
YOU GET RID OF THAT
AND SHE'LL PROBABLY
LIKE IT.
YEAH.
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
CARRY ON.
GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING,
DEAN HIGGINS.
ALL RIGHT, WHERE IS HE ?
HEY, DEAN, WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR FOOT ?
NEVER MIND MY FOOT.
WHERE IS HE ?
WHO ?
- WHO ? QUIGLEY WHO.
THAT'S WHO.
- ISN'T HE HERE ?
UH, HE'LL BE
A FEW MINUTES LATE.
HE JUST DROPPED BY
THE SUPPLY ROOM TO PICK UP
A FEW MORE TEST TUBES.
YOU MEAN THAT
HE LEAVES YOU PEOPLE ALONE ?
WELL, SURE.
WHY NOT ?
- YEAH.
WE'RE ON THE HONOR SYSTEM.
- ( Cow Mooing )
I SUPPOSE THAT IS
ON THE HONOR SYSTEM TOO.
A COW,
ON THE HONOR SYSTEM ?
HEY, THAT'S PRETTY GOOD,
DEAN HIGGINS.
( All Laughing )
STOP TRYING TO BUTTER ME UP.
I KNOW THAT ISN'T FUNNY.
DEAN, IS THERE ANYTHING
WE CAN DO FOR YOU ?
NO, THERE ISN'T.
I JUST CAME UP HERE TO MAKE
A LITTLE ANNOUNCEMENT.
BACK TO WORK.
A LITTLE ANNOUNCEMENT ?
HEY, MAYBE HE'S GOING
TO GIVE QUIGLEY PROMOTION.
YEAH, WOULDN'T
THAT BE SOMETHING.
IF IT ISN'T ASKING
TOO MUCH,
DO YOU THINK I WOULD BE
GOING BEYOND MY PREROGATIVES
AS DEAN OF THIS COLLEGE...
TO ASK YOU
WHAT YOU'RE DOING ?
OH, NO, SIR.
WELL,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
WELL, I'M CRUSHING VITAMINS.
I CAN SEE THAT.
ANY FOOL CAN SEE THAT.
WHAT FOR ?
OH, FOR THE COW, SIR.
EVERYTHING WE DO AROUND HERE
IS FOR THE COW.
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THAT YOU'RE CRUSHING UP
PERFECTLY GOOD VITAMINS...
TO FEED TO A COW ?
WELL, YES, SIR. THAT'S HOW
WE'RE GONNA CURE RUTHYBELLE'S
NUTRITIONAL PROBLEM.
WHO ?
RUTHYBELLE.
THE COW.
AS YOU CAN SEE,
SHE'S SORT OF SKINNY.
HOPEFULLY WE'LL END UP
WITH A FAT COW.
SO THAT'S WHAT ALL
THIS EXPENSE IS FOR:
TO MAKE A COW FAT.
OH, NOT ONLY FAT, SIR,
BUT A STRONG COW TOO.
- THRILLING, ISN'T IT ?
- I'M OVERWHELMED.
I KNEW YOU WOULD BE.
YOU SEE, IT WAS REALLY
MY IDEA. I THOUGHT SO.
THE KIDS
ARE JUST HELPING ME OUT.
UH, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
SHORTY, I NEED ANOTHER PIECE
OF PIZZA. THE FLAVOR'S
NOT QUITE RIGHT YET.
ONE PIECE OF PIZZA
COMING UP.
PIZZA ?
YEAH, AND SHE SEEMS
TO LIKE IT TOO.
DO YOU THINK
MAYBE SHE'S ITALIAN ?
( Laughing )
THAT'S NOT FUNNY,
SCHUYLER.
DON'T YOU GET IT ?
AN ITALIAN COW
EATING PIZZA.
AN ITALIAN COW !
THAT KILLS ME !
ENGAGING IN A BIT OF
MERRIMENT, DEAN HIGGINS ?
HE IS.
I'M NOT.
OH, I SEE.
WELL, IT'S NICE OF YOU
TO COME BY.
M-MAY I SHOW YOU
AROUND ?
NO, YOU MAY NOT
SHOW ME AROUND.
I'VE ALREADY BEEN
SHOWN ENOUGH...
WITH THIS VITAMIN-GRINDING
NUMBSKULL THAT CALLS HIMSELF
A SCIENCE MAJOR.
- I HEARD THAT, SIR.
- GOOD !
THAT'S NOT ALL I HAVE
TO SAY, QUIGLEY.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH THIS OPERATION
IS COSTING YOU ?
WELL, NOT REALLY, SIR,
BUT WE'RE CUTTING BACK
EVERYWHERE WE CAN.
- Y-YOU TAKE THE COW RENTAL,
FOR INSTANCE.
- COW RENTAL ?
DO YOU MEAN WE'RE PAYING MONEY
TO MAKE A COW FAT ?
YOU DON'T WANT US TO HAVE
SKINNY COWS, DO YOU, SIR ?
SKINNY COWS, FAT COWS.
WHO CARES ?
- DEAN HIGGINS,
PLEASE DON'T GET EXCITED.
- I'M NOT EXCITED !
JUST TELL ME
HOW MUCH RENTAL WE'RE PAYING
FOR THIS SO-CALLED COW.
- WELL, NOT VERY MUCH, SIR.
- ( Snorts )
- HOW MUCH ?
- WOULD $15 A DAY
BE TOO MUCH ?
FIFTEEN DOLLARS A DAY ?
THAT'S THE EXTRAVAGANCE.
IF THE BOARD OF REGENTS
EVER FINDS OUT ABOUT THIS--
QUIGLEY, YOU'RE--
( Groans )
YES, SIR ?
I-I'M WHAT ?
YOU'RE--
( Gasping )
WHAT'S THE MATTER, SIR ?
I'M WHAT ?
YOU'RE--
( Gasping )
BOY, HE SURE IS HAVING
TROUBLE GETTING OUT
THAT ANNOUNCEMENT.
( Gasping Continues )
YOU'RE FIRED.
FIRED ?
YES. FIRED.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT
HIS PROMOTION ?
PROMOTION ?
QUIGLEY, JUST AS SOON
AS YOU CAN GET OUT,
I WANT YOU OUT OF HERE !
OUT ! OUT !
OUT ! OUT ! OUT !
AND STOP THINKING
ABOUT FAT COWS
AND THINK ABOUT SOME WAY
TO MAKE SOME MONEY
FOR THIS SCHOOL,
BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T
IN 30 DAYS I'M OUT, AND IF
I'M OUT, YOU'RE ALL OUT !
I'LL SEE TO THAT !
OUT ! OUT !
( Dexter )
WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HIM ?
HE ACTS LIKE HE'S GONE CRAZY.
( Quigley )
I THINK I CAN EXPLAIN IT.
THE SCHOOL HAS GOT SOME LARGE
FINANCIAL PROBLEMS. IN FACT,
IT MAY BE GOING UNDER.
THE BOARD OF REGENTS
HAS BEEN GIVING DEAN HIGGINS
A LOT OF PRESSURE.
( Girl )
BUT WHAT'S HE GOING TO
DO WITHOUT YOU ?
THE SCHOOL WILL GET ALONG FINE
WITHOUT ME, BUT THANK YOU.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
WHY DON'T YOU ALL
GO BACK AND CLEAR AWAY
YOUR THINGS AND...
( Pop )
I GUESS WE'LL
CALL IT A DAY.
( Phone Ringing )
( Rings )
( Sighs )
YEAH. HELLO.
UH, HELLO.
THIS DEXTER RILEY ?
( Sighs )
UH, YEAH, THIS IS
DEXTER RILEY.
WELL, THIS IS
SILAS WILLOUGHBY,
THE MAN WHO RENTED
RUTHYBELLE TO YA.
YEAH, H-HOW ARE YA,
RUTHYBELLE ?
HOW YOU DOING ?
THIS ISN'T RUTHYBELLE.
RUTHYBELLE'S A COW.
OH.
NOW, WHAT I WANNA KNOW IS
WHAT YOU FELLAS DID TO HER.
YEAH, WELL, SOMEBODY
DID SOMETHIN' TO HER.
SHE'S ALREADY GIVEN US
80 GALLONS OF MILK
AND STILL GOIN' STRONG.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THAT ?
( Barking )
( Barking Continues )
COME ON, BRUTUS.
( Sighs )
GO HOME, BLOSSOM.
THAT BIG DOG
PICKIN' ON BRUTUS AGAIN ?
YEAH.
SCHUYLER, YOU'RE JUST GONNA
HAVE TO TEACH THAT DOG
NOT TO BE CHICKEN.
YEAH, BRUTUS,
YOU'RE CUTE,
BUT ONE OF THESE DAYS
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
STAND UP AND FIGHT.
CAN I HAVE
SOME OF YOUR CEREAL ?
SURE. HELP YOURSELF.
THANKS.
BOY, THAT'S SURE
GONNA BE TOUGH.
TOUGH ?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
QUIGLEY HAVING TO
LEAVE THE SCHOOL.
OH, YEAH.
THIS PLACE ISN'T GONNA BE
THE SAME WITHOUT HIM.
I WOULDN'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
HOW MANY TIMES HAS HIGGINS
FIRED QUIGLEY ?
( Crackling, Popping )
( Crackling,
Popping Continue )
I MEAN, I CAN REMEMBER HIM
BEING FIRED AT LEAST
FIVE TIMES.
I'VE ONLY BEEN HERE
SIX AND A HALF YEARS.
- ( Crackling,
Popping Continue )
- I THINK.
OR IS IT SEVEN ?
UH, SCHUYLER,
- I DON'T THINK I WANT
ANY MORE OF YOUR CEREAL.
- WELL, THAT'S OKAY.
COMIN', DEXTER ?
YEAH, I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
COME ON, SCHUYLER.
YOU'RE GONNA MISS PSYCHOLOGY.
NO, I'M NOT. I'M NOT
GONNA MISS IT AT ALL.
I'M GONNA FIX MY CAR.
HEY, YOUR CEREAL.
YOU SURE YOU'RE
THROUGH WITH IT ?
( Sighs )
YEAH, I'M THROUGH WITH IT.
GIVE IT TO BRUTUS.
HE'LL EAT ANYTHING.
OH, YEAH. HEY, BRUTUS !
COME ON, BRUTUS !
BREAKFAST !
BRUTUS !
( Barks )
GO TO THAT TEST.
YEAH, I KNOW.
LATE AGAIN.
WHAT'D YOU DO
WITH MY BLUE SOCKS
YESTERDAY ?
( Barking )
( Barking Continues )
( Roaring )
( Roaring Continues )
( Brutus Barking )
( Barking Continues )
( All Laughing, Chattering )
THAT'S GREAT !
I THINK I GOT A ROCK
IN MY SHOE.
I'LL HOLD YOUR BOOKS.
( Grunts )
DEXTER,
HOW'D YOU DO THAT ?
DEXTER !
UH--
( Chuckles )
I'LL TAKE IT !
MY MAN !
I'M GONNA TAKE IT !
( Laughing, Chattering )
GO, BUDDY !
THERE YOU GO !
( Chattering Continues )
SLAM-DUNK IT !
SLAM-DUNK IT, DEXTER !
WOW !
HEY, DEXTER,
YOU'RE GOIN' THE WRONG WAY.
OH, NO, I'M NOT !
COME ON !
REALLY, ELMER, I HATE TO
HAVE TO KEEP HARANGUING YOU,
BUT ALL OF THIS
EATING IN CLASS,
IT SIMPLY HAS TO STOP.
I CAN'T HELP IT,
DEAN HIGGINS.
I GET HUNGRY
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE.
"EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE" ?
DO YOU REALIZE I HAVE REPORTS
FROM YOUR FIRST, THIRD, FOURTH
AND YOUR SEVENTH CLASSES ?
THEY ARE ALL COMPLAINING
ABOUT YOUR EATING.
REALLY !
ALL OF THIS BAG-RATTLING
AND CRACKER-CRUNCHING WHILE
PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO STUDY.
( Intercom Buzzes )
YES, MERCEDES.
WHAT IS IT ?
PROFESSOR QUIGLEY'S
HERE TO PICK UP
HIS SEVERANCE CHECK.
PROFESSOR QUIGLEY, HMM ?
WELL, YOU INFORM PROF. QUIGLEY
THAT WE DON'T GIVE OUT
SEVERANCE CHECKS ANYMORE.
BUT WE ALWAYS GIVE OUT
SEVERANCE CHECKS.
WELL, WE DON'T ANYMORE.
WE JUST RAN OUT OF MONEY.
( Mutters )
GREAT.
MONEY, MONEY,
MONEY, MONEY.
THAT'S ALL SOME PEOPLE
THINK ABOUT-- MONEY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
UH, WHERE WAS I ?
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT
MY BAG-RATTLING
AND CRACKER-CRUNCHING.
AND THAT IS NOT
THE HALF OF IT.
I'VE GOT COMPLAINTS HERE
FROM OUR JANITORIAL SERVICE.
THEY'RE REPORTING
LARGE CAKE CRUMBS
IN ROOMS 306 AND 308.
NOW, THIS IS VERY
SERIOUS BUSINESS, ELMER.
TEACHERS I CAN GET;
STUDENTS I CAN GET;
BUT JANITORS-
- OHH.
SO, CONSIDER THIS
A FINAL WARNING, ELMER.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO
OUT OF CLASS,
BUT IN CLASS
NO MORE JELLY BEANS;
NO MORE CAKE;
NO MORE COOKIES;
NO MORE--
( Fingers Snap )
ELMER ?
ELMER, AM I GETTING
THROUGH TO YOU ?
HEY, DEAN HIGGINS,
GUESS WHAT.
"GUESS WHAT" ?
GUESS NOTHING. HOW DARE YOU
BURST INTO MY OFFICE WHEN
I'M REPRIMANDING A STUDENT ?
OH, I'M SORRY. WE DIDN'T MEAN
TO INTERRUPT, BUT SOMETHING
HAPPENED TO DEXTER.
"SOMETHING HAPPENED
TO DEXTER."
SOMETHING IS ALWAYS
HAPPENING TO HIM.
THAT'S NOTHING NEW.
BESIDES, THAT'S NO EXCUSE
TO COME R--
QUIGLEY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE ?
I'M AFRAID I DON'T KNOW, SIR.
LISTEN, DEXTER GOT STRONG.
I MEAN, REALLY STRONG.
( All Murmuring )
PROFESSOR QUIGLEY,
YOUR IDEAS ON THAT FORMULA
REALLY WORKED.
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
THE FORMULA YOU USED
ON THE COW ?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, YOU KIDS.
ALL RIGHT.
OUT, OUT, OUT, OUT !
( All Chattering )
HEY, DEAN HIGGINS.
LOOK !
( Whimpering )
GOOD HEAVENS.
AND THAT'S JUST WITH HIS
RIGHT HAND. SHOW HIM WHAT
YOU CAN DO WITH YOUR LEFT.
YOU SEE
WHAT I MEAN ?
( Laughing, Chattering )
HEY, LET ME DOWN,
WILL YA ?
YES, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKES,
LET HIM DOWN
BEFORE HE BREAKS SOMETHING.
ALL RIGHT !
( Cheering, Hooting )
THERE YOU GO !
HOW DID ALL THIS HAPPEN
WITH THE--
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST ATE SOME OF
SCHUYLER'S CEREAL, AND ALL
OF A SUDDEN I GOT STRONG.
LET ME SEE THAT CEREAL.
THIS IS THE SAME CEREAL
I EAT EVERY MORNING.
I NEVER GET STRONG.
WELL, OF COURSE NOT.
IT'S NOT THE CEREAL
THAT MADE HIM STRONG.
IT WAS, WELL,
PROFESSOR QUIGLEY'S
AND MY FORMULA.
JUST PLAIN CEREAL
WOULDN'T DO
ANYTHING LIKE THAT,
NO MATTER WHAT
THOSE COMPANIES SAY.
I KNOW.
W-WHAT'S THE MATTER,
DEAN ?
HMM ?
OH, UH, NOTHING.
NOTHING.
WOULD YOU YOUNG PEOPLE MIND
WAITING OUTSIDE FOR A MOMENT ?
YOU TOO, ELMER.
THERE YOU GO.
EVERYBODY OUT.
I WANT TO TALK
TO PROFESSOR QUIGLEY
ALONE FOR A MOMENT.
YOU MEAN HE'S STILL
WORKING HERE ?
WELL, OF COURSE HE'S
STILL WORKING HERE.
( Cheering, Laughing )
YOU KIDS GET
THE CRAZIEST IDEAS.
WOULD YOU DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT ?
EVERYBODY OUT.
HERE WE GO.
BYE-BYE. HA-HA.
AREN'T THEY WONDERFUL--
QUIGLEY, DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT WE HAVE HERE ?
WELL, IT SEEMS AS THOUGH WE
MIGHT HAVE QUITE AN AMAZING
SCIENTIFIC DEVELOPMENT.
IT IS MORE THAN THAT,
QUIGLEY.
DO YOU REALIZE WHAT
THESE CEREAL COMPANIES
WOULD GIVE...
TO HAVE A STRENGTH FORMULA
LIKE THIS IN THEIR CEREAL ?
- NO. NEVER REALLY
THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
- WELL, YOU THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU THINK ABOUT IT !
WHY, WE'VE GOT SOMETHING HERE
THAT WILL GET THIS SCHOOL
OUT OF HOCK FOREVER.
MUCH-NEEDED NEW BUILDINGS;
A NEW LAB;
MONEY FOR ALL KINDS
OF SCIENTIFIC EXPERIMENTS.
AND BESIDES--
BESIDES, IF SOMETHING DOESN'T
HAPPEN AROUND HERE PRETTY
SOON, YOU'LL BE OUT OF A JOB.
THAT'S RIGHT--
THAT'S NOT THE POINT !
UH, UM, MER-- MERCEDES,
WOULD YOU GET ME
THE, UH, PRESIDENT...
OF THE CRUMPLY CRUNCH
CEREAL COMPANY,
COYOTE CORNERS,
KERN COUNTY, CONNECTICUT.
THAT'S CRUMPLY CRUNCH ?
CRUMPLY CRUNCH !
( Grunting )
( All Murmuring )
SEE, UNDER NORMAL CONDITIONS
I CAN HARDLY MOVE THAT AT ALL.
WHY DON'T YOU TRY TO--
OH, HE CAN'T DO IT.
( Murmuring Continues )
( Grunts )
( Back Cracks )
OH ! I-- I SEE
WHAT YOU MEAN.
GENTLEMEN,
I THINK THAT IT'S TIME
THAT WE GET STARTED.
WHAT DO YOU THINK, HARRY ?
OBVIOUSLY A CHARLATAN.
A DIME A DOZEN.
A STRENGTH DEMONSTRATION ?
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE BOSS
FALLING FOR A THING
LIKE THIS ? OVER THE HILL.
SHOULD STEP DOWN,
LET A YOUNGER PERSON
RUN THINGS AROUND HERE.
NOW, GENTLEMEN,
AS ALL OF YOU KNOW,
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
HASN'T ARRIVED YET.
HOWEVER, I WOULD LIKE
TO WELCOME DEAN HIGGINS...
AND ASK HIM
TO BE PATIENT WITH US
FOR A FEW MINUTES.
THAT'S QUITE ALL RIGHT.
MY TIME IS YOUR TIME,
GENTLEMEN.
YES. UNFORTUNATELY,
OUR TIME IS NOT YOURS.
NOW, IT IS APPROXIMATELY
TWO MINUTES PAST 1:00.
I HUMBLY SUGGEST THAT YOU
DEMONSTRATE WHATEVER THIS IS
YOU'RE GOING TO DEMONSTRATE...
SO THAT WE CAN GET ON
WITH THE REAL BUSINESS
OF THE MEETING.
( Man )
BUT WE CAN'T START
WITHOUT THE CHAIRMAN.
AS SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
AND SECOND-IN-COMMAND,
WE CAN START WHENEVER I SAY.
ANY OBJECTIONS,
GENTLEMEN ?
( All Murmuring )
TRYING TO START
WITHOUT ME AGAIN, HARRY ?
WHO, ME ?
OF COURSE NOT !
( Laughing )
I COULD NEVER DO A THING
LIKE THAT, AUNT HARRIET--
I MEAN, AUNT CRUMPLY--
UH, MRS. CRUMPLY.
AUNT HARRIET
WILL BE FINE.
BUT REMEMBER, JUST BECAUSE
YOU'RE A RELATIVE DOESN'T
MEAN I CAN'T FIRE YOU.
( All Laughing )
ANY OF YOU.
( All Murmuring )
AT EASE,
GENTLEMEN.
NOW, WILL THE SECRETARY PLEASE
TELL US WHAT'S THE FIRST THING
ON THE AGENDA ?
YES, AUNT HARRIET.
THAT'S, UH, DEAN HIGGINS.
HE'S THE ONE WHO CLAIMS TO
HAVE THAT STRENGTH FORMULA.
OH, YES, I BELIEVE I SPOKE
ON THE TELEPHONE TO YOU.
YOU'RE THAT FUNNY LITTLE MAN
FROM THAT FUNNY LITTLE SCHOOL
DOWNSTATE.
UM, YES,
I-I GUESS I AM.
AND YOU'RE HERE
TO DEMONSTRATE YOUR
STRENGTH FORMULA FOR US ?
IF I RECOLLECT CORRECTLY,
AND I ALWAYS DO.
( All Murmuring )
OH, YES.
( Chuckling )
AND, MADAM, THAT IS
PRECISELY WHY I AM HERE.
REALLY, DEAN HIGGINS.
HMM ? OH ! OH, THIS--
THIS IS MY OLD GYM OUTFIT.
WE WEREN'T SO FUSSY
IN THOSE DAYS.
HOW-- HEH-HEH.
HOW CUTE.
- VERY CUTE.
- OH. THANK YOU.
- UH, MAY I PROCEED ?
- CERTAINLY.
( Crackling, Popping )
( Crackling,
Popping Continue )
MY. DOESN'T THAT CEREAL
HAVE A LOVELY CRACKLE ?
( Board Members Together )
YES !
( Hissing, Squeaking )
( Hissing,
Squeaking Continue )
( Explosion )
( Board Members Exclaiming )
( Clears Throat )
( Tarzan Yell )
OH. EXCUSE ME.
THAT WAS A LITTLE THROWBACK
I DIDN'T EXPECT.
NOW, WITH YOUR PERMISSION,
I'D LIKE TO START
WITH SOME WEIGHT LIFTING.
GOING TO SHOW YOU HOW EASY
WEIGHT LIFTING CAN BE.
( Grunts )
- BRAVO !
- ( Cheers, "Bravos" )
OHH.
( Murmuring )
( Gasps,
Murmuring Continues )
OHH !
( Cheering,
Applause )
( Man )
BRAVO ! BRAVO !
- ( Chuckling )
OH !
- ( Applause Continues )
OHH !
HE'S GONNA BALANCE IT
ON HIS CHIN !
( Cheering,
Applause )
- BRAVO !
- ( Cheering Continues )
OH, NO !
OHH !
IF I HADN'T SEEN IT
WITH MY OWN EYES, I WOULD
HAVE NEVER BELIEVED IT !
( Cheering Continues )
HE IS TRULY REMARKABLE.
OHH !
( Cheering Continues )
( Laughing )
( Harriet )
OH, MY, THAT WAS EXCITING.
AND THAT'S NOT ALL,
GENTLEMEN.
( Board Members )
OH, MORE ! MORE ! MORE !
MORE !
( All Gasping )
( Cheering Continues )
- ( Cheering Continues )
- OH, MARVELOUS.
HYAH !
( Cheering Continues )
( Mouths Words )
MORE ?
OH, NO, DEAN HIGGINS !
NO ! NO !
PLEASE, DEAN HIGGINS,
UH, THAT'S-- THAT'S
QUITE ENOUGH, THANK YOU.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I GOT A LITTLE CARRIED AWAY.
I DIDN'T REALIZE HOW POTENT
THAT FORMULA WAS. I HOPE
I DIDN'T UPSET ANYTHING.
OH, NO, YOU DIDN'T
UPSET A-- A THING.
( Chuckles )
DID HE, GENTLEMEN ?
- OH, NO, AUNT HARRIET !
NOT HIM ! NOT AT ALL !
- BE SEATED.
NOW, TELL ME, DEAN HIGGINS,
HOW LONG DOES THE STRENGTH
STAY WITH YOU ?
TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH,
WE DON'T EXACTLY KNOW.
THAT DEPENDS ON THE PERSON
AND THE AMOUNT
OF THE FORMULA USED,
BUT THE DURATION
OF THE STRENGTH
IS DEFINITELY LIMITED.
- OH, THAT'S BAD.
- OH, BUT, AUNT HARRIET,
ALL THE BETTER.
IF A PERSON WERE TO LOSE HIS
STRENGTH, HE'D HAVE TO EAT
MORE CEREAL TO REGAIN IT.
JUST THINK
WHAT THAT WOULD DO.
WHY, WE COULD SELL CEREAL
MORNING, NOON AND NIGHT.
NOW, THAT'S GOOD.
BRILLIANT, COUSIN EDWARD.
BRILLIANT.
NOW, GENTLEMEN, I WANT YOU
TO PAY STRICT ATTENTION.
THE TIME HAS COME
TO TALK TURKEY.
TO SAY NOTHING
OF CEREAL.
( Laughs )
( Stops Laughing )
( Laughing )
"TO SAY NOTHING--"
SIT DOWN, ROSCOE.
SORRY,
AUNT HARRIET.
GENTLEMEN, AFTER YEARS
OF PLAYING SECOND FIDDLE...
TO THE KRINKLE KRUNCH
CEREAL COMPANY,
WE ARE NOW GOING TO BE
NUMBER ONE.
WE'RE NUMBER ONE !
WE'RE NUMBER--
GENTLEMEN, GENTLEMEN,
PLEASE.
DEAN HIGGINS, DO YOU HAVE
A WEIGHT LIFTING TEAM...
AT MEDFIELD ?
WELL, UH, NO.
WE DON'T EXACTLY HAVE
THE PERSONNEL TO GO IN
FOR THAT SORT OF--
GOOD.
STANLEY,
PUT THE PHONE TOGETHER...
AND THEN GET ME
KIRWOOD KRINKLE...
OF THE KRINKLE KRUNCH
CEREAL COMPANY.
KRINKLE ? AUNT HARRIET,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
TALKING TO KRINKLE ?
YES.
( Board Members
Voicing Agreement )
JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE.
A WEIGHT LIFTING CONTEST
BETWEEN STATE AND MEDFIELD ?
BUT WE WERE NATIONAL
CHAMPIONS LAST YEAR--
I MEAN, STATE, THAT IS.
- YOU KNOW, I WENT THERE.
- OH, I BELIEVE EVERYONE
KNOWS THAT, KIRWOOD.
BUT REALLY, HARRIET,
WHAT IS THE POINT
OF ALL THIS ?
I AM PROPOSING,
IN THE INTEREST
OF SPORTS--
AND THE CEREAL BUSINESS,
OF COURSE--
THAT A MUCH-PUBLICIZED
MATCH BE HELD BETWEEN
STATE AND MEDFIELD...
IN WHICH YOUR COMPANY
WILL SUPPORT STATE...
AND MY COMPANY
WILL SUPPORT MEDFIELD.
THAT WAY, THE PUBLIC
CAN DETERMINE...
WHICH IS THE NUMBER-ONE
WEIGHT LIFTING TEAM
IN AMERICA,
AND PERHAPS THE NUMBER-ONE
CEREAL COMPANY.
BUT, HARRIET,
WE ARE THE NUMBER-ONE
CEREAL COMPANY ALREADY.
- REMEMBER ?
- OH, I KNOW THAT.
AND I UNDERSTAND...
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PUT
YOUR NUMBER-ONE POSITION
IN JEOPARDY.
NONSENSE.
KRINKLE KRUNCH IS ALWAYS
READY FOR COMPETITION.
BESIDES, WHAT A GREAT
PUBLICITY IDEA.
YOU KNOW, HARRIET, SOMETIMES
I THINK YOU'RE A WONDER.
JUST A WONDER.
GOOD
-BYE, HARRIET.
MEDFIELD VS. STATE.
WHAT A LAUGH.
WE'LL MURDER 'EM.
RIGHT, MEN ?
( All )
RIGHT !
UH, RIGHT.
( Clears Throat )
YES, UNCLE FREDERICK ?
DON'T YOU THINK WE SHOULD
REMIND DEAN HIGGINS
OF ONE LITTLE PROBLEM ?
PROBLEM ?
WHAT, UH, PROBLEM ?
SPIES !
"SPIES" ?
HE MEANS INDUSTRIAL SPIES,
DEAN HIGGINS.
THERE IS NO LENGTH
TO WHICH THE KRINKLE KRUNCH
COMPANY WOULD NOT GO...
TO LEARN OUR PLANS.
OH. WELL, I CAN ASSURE YOU
THAT THIS PROJECT
WILL BE TOP SECRET.
I'LL SEE THAT
THE LAB IS PLACED
UNDER MAXIMUM SECURITY.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT ANY SPIES.
( Chuckles )
THAT'S FINE.
OF COURSE WE DO HAVE
A FEW SPIES OF OUR OWN.
BUT THE ONES
FROM KRINKLE KRUNCH
ARE EVERYWHERE.
IT'S JUST THAT WE DON'T
KNOW WHO THEY ARE.
- THIS IS ME.
- GOOD. WERE YOU FOLLOWED ?
- I DON'T THINK SO.
- WHAT IS IT, HARRY ?
- YOU'RE IN TROUBLE, KRINKLE.
- TROUBLE ?
- YES.
THAT WEIGHT LIFTING MATCH.
WITHDRAW.
WITHDRAW ? YOU'RE KIDDING.
STATE HAS THE GREATEST WEIGHT
LIFTING TEAM IN THE COUNTRY.
WE'LL WIPE MEDFIELD
RIGHT OFF THE MAP.
- SHE'S SANDBAGGING YOU,
KRINKLE.
- SANDBAGGING ME ?
THAT MEDFIELD BUNCH HAVE
COME UP WITH A
STRENGTH FORMULA...
THEY'RE PUTTING IN
AUNT HARRIET'S CEREAL...
THAT WILL LITERALLY
KNOCK YOUR NUMBER-ONE OUT.
- I'M TELLING YOU, WITHDRAW.
- I CAN'T WITHDRAW.
I JUST HAD A PRESS CONFERENCE.
I ANNOUNCED THE WHOLE THING.
IN FACT,
I EVEN BRAGGED A LITTLE.
THEN YOU'RE GOING TO BE
NUMBER TWO, KRINKLE.
I SAW A DEMONSTRATION
OF HOW THAT FORMULA WORKS
AND, BELIEVE ME,
MEDFIELD IS GOING TO
MURDER STATE.
MEDFIELD'S NOT GONNA
MURDER STATE,
AND KRINKLE KRUNCH'LL
NEVER BE NUMBER TWO.
NOW, LOOK, HARRY,
I'M COUNTING ON YOU
TO GET THAT FORMULA.
IT'S WORTH $100,000
TO ME.
- IT'S WORTH
A LOT MORE THAN THAT.
- ALL RIGHT, 150.
A HUNDRED AND FIFTY IS OKAY
FOR ME, BUT THIS IS A BIG JOB.
I'LL NEED HELP.
ALL RIGHT,
ANOTHER 50 FOR THE HELP,
BUT FOR HEAVEN'S SAKES,
GET SOME GOOD PEOPLE.
DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT A THING,
MR. KRINKLE. I THINK I HAVE
THE RIGHT PARTY IN MIND.
EXACTLY THE RIGHT PARTY.
( Receiver Hangs Up )
( Bell Rings )
WELL, GOOD-BYE,
PETE.
ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO
VISIT YOU, JUST SO IT'S
NOT FOR TOO LONG.
WELL, MR. ARNO,
YOU COME ANY TIME,
AND JUST CONSIDER--
OUR HOUSE IS YOUR HOUSE.
HA HA !
THAT'S VERY GOOD.
( Chuckles )
THANKS A LOT.
COME ON.
( Bell Rings )
WHAT DOES HE MEAN,
THEIR HOUSE IS OUR HOUSE ?
IT AIN'T MY HOUSE.
I NEVER WANNA GO BACK
TO THAT JOINT AGAIN.
HE'S JUST PUTTIN' YOU ON,
STUPID.
BESIDES, WE WON'T HAVE TO
GO BACK THERE AGAIN IF YOU
DON'T LOUSE UP ANYMORE.
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS
BLAME ME EVERY TIME WE GET
INTO PREDICAMENTS LIKE THIS ?
BECAUSE IT'S YOUR STUPIDITY
THAT GETS US INTO THESE
PREDICAMENTS, THAT'S WHY.
( Arno )
HEY ! IT'S HARRY !
THAT'S NICE.
A RECEPTION COMMITTEE.
HEY ! HARRY,
YOU OLD SON OF A GUN.
HOW'S LIFE
TREATING YOU ?
COULDN'T BE BETTER.
CHAUFFEURED LIMOUSINE;
PENTHOUSE DOWNTOWN;
FIRST CABIN ALL THE WAY.
AS I SAID,
THINGS COULDN'T BE BETTER.
HOW ABOUT YOU ?
WELL, AS YOU CAN SEE I'VE
HAD A TEMPORARY SETBACK, BUT
DON'T LET THAT WORRY YOU.
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK ON TOP
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT.
- I KNOW YOU WILL.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
OH ? WHAT'S UP ?
( Nervous Chuckle )
IS HE OKAY ?
WHO, HIM ?
OH, SURE.
A LITTLE STUPID,
BUT HE'S OKAY.
YOU GONNA
START THAT TALK AGAIN ?
YOU KEEP THAT UP,
YOU'RE GONNA CAUSE ME
TO LOSE MY CONFIDENCE.
OH, YEAH ?
( Laughing )
HEY, WHAT'S THE CAPER ?
I'LL TELL YOU ALL ABOUT IT
ON THE WAY TO TOWN. GET IN.
BUT, BOSS, I DON'T CARE
WHAT THAT GUY HARRY SAYS.
EVERY TIME WE GET MIXED UP
WITH THEM MEDFIELD KIDS,
WE END UP IN JAIL,
AND I DON'T WANNA GO
TO JAIL NO MORE.
I DON'T GO FOR THAT
"OUR HOUSE IS YOUR HOUSE"
STUFF ANYMORE.
COOKIE,
NOBODY'S GOIN' TO JAIL.
IT'S A REAL SIMPLE JOB
THAT WE'RE GETTING PAID
A LOT OF MONEY FOR.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS
FIND OUT WHERE THE FORMULA IS
AND GO IN AND GET IT.
YOU SAY
THAT'S SIMPLE ?
WHY, SURE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
IT'S SO SIMPLE I'M GONNA
LET YOU HANDLE IT YOURSELF.
YEAH ?
ALL BY MYSELF ?
ALL BY YOURSELF.
IT'S A CHANCE
TO PROVE YOURSELF.
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT;
YOU'LL DO THE LEADING;
I'LL DO THE FOLLOWING.
YOU REALLY MEAN THAT, BOSS ?
I DO THE LEADIN',
YOU DO THE FOLLOWIN' ?
THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
YEAH, I LIKE THAT.
I LEAD, HE FOLLOWS.
TERRIFIC.
ALL RIGHT,
NOW HERE'S THE PLAN.
WHEN THAT TRUCK LEAVES
WE GO AROUND
THE BACK OF THE BUILDING,
UP ON THE ROOF, OVER ONTO
THE SCAFFOLDING AND DOWN
IN FRONT OF THE LAB WINDOW.
THE FORMULA'S IN THERE.
I DON'T LIKE
THIS SCAFFOLD BUSINESS.
BUT, BOSS,
I CASED THIS JOINT
THIS AFTERNOON.
THE HALLS ARE LOADED
WITH SECURITY GUARDS.
IT'S THE WINDOW OR NOTHIN'.
WE GOTTA USE THE SCAFFOLD.
- ALL RIGHT,
BUT I STILL DON'T LIKE IT.
- HERE. WEAR THESE.
WHAT FOR ?
FOR THE ROPES
OF THE SCAFFOLD.
WHAT,
ARE YOU STUPID ?
WHO'S STUPID ?
I DON'T LIKE
TAKIN' ORDERS FROM YOU.
BUT, BOSS, DON'T YOU REMEMBER
YOU SAID TO ME, "HEY, YOU LEAD
AND I'LL FOLLOW" ?
QUOTE.
YEAH, AND THAT'S THE STUPIDEST
THING I EVER DID IN MY LIFE.
( Door Closes,
Engine Starts )
OKAY, FOLLOW ME.
COME ON, COME ON.
HEY, IT'S WINDIER UP HERE
THAN IT IS DOWN THERE.
YEAH, BECAUSE IT'S HIGHER UP
HERE THAN IT IS DOWN THERE.
I KNOW THAT !
COME ON, BOSS. COME ON.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M COMIN, I'M COMIN'.
COME ON, COME ON.
WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT A MINUTE. PUT MY FOOT
ON THE RAIL, WILL YA ?
PUT YOUR FOOT ON THIS,
LIKE THIS.
OKAY, EASY NOW.
I'M COMIN'.
WAIT A MINUTE.
OKAY.
RIGHT DOWN.
JUST JUMP.
WAIT A MINUTE.
PERFECT. PERFECT.
JUST PERFECT.
YAAAH !
OHH !
OHH ! OH !
I'M GONNA DIE !
- I'M GONNA DIE !  OHH !
- ( Scaffold Creaking )
- I'M GONNA DIE.
- BOSS, LET GO OF THE WALL,
WILL YA ?
I CAN'T LET GO.
BOSS, LET GO OF THE WALL.
YOU'RE ALL FROZE UP.
LET GO OF MY ARM !
AAAAH !
OHH !
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE VIOLENT.
AND YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
WHAT ARE YOU TRYIN' TO DO,
KILL ME ?
ALL YOU HADDA DO
WAS LET GO OF THE WALL.
THE WHOLE THING WAS LOPSIDED.
I'LL SAY,
THIS WHOLE THING'S LOPSIDED.
I'M GETTIN' UP THERE AGAIN.
YOU DON'T WANNA GET OFF NOW.
THE WORST PART'S OVER.
THE REST IS A CINCH,
I'M TELLIN' YA.
ALL WE GOTTA DO IS
WORK THESE ROPES, WE GO DOWN
NICE AND EASY TO THE WINDOW.
YEAH ?
COME ON,
GET THE ROPE.
THIS I GOTTA SEE.
UH, YOU'RE SURE
YOU KNOW HOW TO WORK
THOSE ROPES, RIGHT ?
SURE I'M SURE. I WORKED ON 'EM
TODAY ALL BY MYSELF WITH
A PHONY WINDOW WASHING JOB.
NOW WITH YOU HELPING ME,
IT SHOULD BE A SNAP HERE.
ALL WE GOTTA DO IS RELEASE IT
TOGETHER, A NOTCH AT A TIME,
AND WE GO DOWN NICE AND SLOW.
YEAH.
READY ?
OKAY.
OKAY, BOSS, LOWER AWAY.
OOOH.
THERE.
YOU SEE, BOSS ?
YEAH. YEAH,
THIS WORKS PRETTY GOOD.
OOOH. OHH.
( Chuckles )
YEAH.
THIS DOES WORK PRETTY GOOD.
SURE IT DOES. I TOLD YA
I HAD IT ALL WORKED OUT.
YOU KNOW, BOSS,
YOU GOT ALL CHOKED UP
AND FROZE OVER NOTHIN'.
THAT AIN'T GOOD
FOR YOUR HEART.
AND ANOTHER THING-- YOU
GOTTA TRUST OTHER PEOPLE TO
FIGURE THINGS OUT SOMETIMES.
OH, YEAH ?
TRUST OTHER PEOPLE ?
LIKE WHO ?
WELL, PEOPLE LIKE ME,
FOR INSTANCE.
( Both Screaming )
COOKIE ! GET ME UP !
GIMME YOUR ARM,
BOSS !
GIMME YOUR ARM !
OHH-OHH !
GET ME UP, YOU IDIOT !
I CAN'T GET UP !
OHH ! OH, MY ARM !
OHH ! OHH ! OHH !
WAIT A SECOND.
( Groaning, Panting )
WHEW ! I DON'T BLAME YOU
FOR BEIN' SCARED, BOSS.
FOR A MINUTE
I THOUGHT YOU
WAS A GONER.
AAH, YOU IDIOT !
IT WASN'T ME, BOSS.
IT WAS THE ROPE.
IT GOT A KNOT IN IT.
YOU GOT A KNOT
IN YOUR HEAD !
JUST STAY THERE, BOSS.
NO PROBLEM.
- I'M NOT STAYIN' ANYWHERE.
- ALL I GOTTA DO IS RELEASE
THE ROPE, THAT'S ALL.
WHOA
-OHH
-AAAH !
( Gasping )
OH, BOY.
HANG ON, BOSS !
I GOT IT.
( Grunting )
OHH ! COOKIE ! COOKIE !
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
YOU CRAZY NUT ?
WAIT A MINUTE.
( Groaning, Panting )
OHH.
TAKE IT EASY, WILL YA ?
TAKE IT EA--
UH-HUH.
I GOT YA.
OH, YOU GOT ME.
YOU GOT ME. OHH !
OHH ! OHH !
JEEZ !
OH, THAT SMARTS.
OHH.
YOU DID THAT ON PURPOSE !
BOSS, HERE WE ARE, RIGHT AT
THE WINDOW, JUST LIKE I SAID !
LOOK. WE JUST GOTTA
GO IN HERE. YEAH.
OH. OH.
GOIN' BACK,
WE TAKE THE STAIRS.
YOU CAN'T.
THE HALLS ARE LOADED
WITH THOSE SECURITY GUYS.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES WITH
THOSE SECURITY GUARDS.
I'M NOT GOIN' BACK ON THAT
SCAFFOLD WITH YOU.
BUT I KNOW HOW TO WORK
THE ROPES NOW.
I DON'T WANNA HEAR
ANY MORE ABOUT THOSE ROPES.
NOW, LET'S GET THAT FORMULA
AND BE QUICK ABOUT IT.
NO PROBLEM.
IT SHOULD BE
RIGHT OVER HERE.
YEAH. THE KID WAS WORKIN'
AT THIS DESK TODAY.
LET'S SEE HERE.
I THOUGHT HE PUT IT IN
ONE OF THESE DRAWERS HERE.
THAT'S FUNNY.
FUNNY ?
WHAT'S FUNNY ABOUT IT ?
YOU DRAG ME HERE
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT,
ALMOST GET ME KILLED ON
THAT STUPID SCAFFOLD,
AND ALL YOU CAN SAY IS,
"THAT'S FUNNY" ?
BUT BOSS, IT'S GOTTA
BE HERE SOMEPLACE.
I COULD SWEAR THE KID PUT IT
IN ONE OF THESE DRAWERS,
I'M TELLIN' YA.
WAIT A SECOND.
I WAS WASHIN'
THAT WINDOW THERE.
I LOOK THROUGH,
I SEE THE KID
WORKIN' AROUND HERE--
IT'S FUNNY.
WILL YOU QUIT SAYIN' FUNNY
AND FIND THAT FORMULA !
I'LL FIND IT, BOSS.
I'LL FIND IT.
YOU'D BETTER.
IT'S WORTH 50,000 BUCKS.
NOW, START LOOKIN'.
( Snoring )
SHH !
WHAT ?
( Snoring Continues )
WHAT WAS THAT ?
WHAT ?
( Snoring Continues )
SOUNDS LIKE SOMEBODY
SNORING.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
( Snoring Continues )
HEY, MAYBE THEY GOT
THIS JOINT BUGGED.
YOU KNOW HOW THOSE
SECURITY GUYS ARE.
THEY'RE PROBABLY PICKING UP
EVERYTHING WE SAY RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S IT.
WE'D BETTER GET OUTTA HERE
IN A HURRY, BUT QUIETLY.
BUT BOSS, WAIT A SECOND.
YOU CAN'T GO OUT THERE.
THE PLACE IS LOADED
WITH SECURITY GUARDS.
COOKIE, I'M TAKIN' OVER NOW.
WE DO IT MY WAY.
I'M NOT FOLLOWIN' YOU ANYMORE.
YOU'RE FOLLOWIN' ME.
UNDERSTAND ?
AH, WHATEVER YOU SAY,
BOSS.
THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
COME ON.
( Snoring Continues )
- AAAH !
- ( Gasps )
YAAAH !
( Grunts )
( Whistle Blowing )
I TOLD YA.
OH, SHUT UP.
OVER HERE.
( Whistle Blowing )
AAAAH !
COOKIE !
DO SOMETHING, STUPID !
YEAH.
( Whistle Continues )
WAIT A SECOND, BOSS.
I GOT IT.
( Whistle Continues )
HURRY UP !
HURRY UP, WILL YA !
I'M HURRYIN' !
OOOH !
I'LL HANDLE THE ROPE
THIS TIME.
BUT, BOSS--
OH, SHUT UP !
( Both Screaming )
( Thud )
THE WINDOW.
WELL, YOU TWO
REALLY BOTCHED THINGS UP.
I SUPPOSE
YOU READ THIS PAPER ?
WELL, OF COURSE WE READ IT.
EVERYONE IN TOWN READ IT.
INCLUDING MR. KRINKLE,
AND HE'S FURIOUS.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
WE GOTTA GO BACK THERE.
GO BACK ? WE CAN'T DO THAT.
THOSE SECURITY GUARDS'LL
BE AROUND THERE LIKE CRAZY.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO,
BUT GET THAT FORMULA !
HOW ARE WE GONNA DO THAT
UNLESS WE GO B--
NOW, WAIT A MINUTE.
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
I KNOW OF
TO GET THAT FORMULA.
THAT'S OUT OF THE HEAD
OF THE KID WHO OWNS IT.
BUT BOSS, I KNOW THAT KID.
HE COULDN'T REMEMBER
ALL THAT STUFF...
IF HE HAD THE FORMULA
RIGHT IN FRONT
OF HIS FACE.
WELL, I'M NOT SO SURE
ABOUT THAT.
LET'S PICK HIM UP.
I KNOW A CERTAIN
CHINESE GENTLEMAN...
WHO CAN BE A GREAT HELP
IN A CASE LIKE THIS.
BRUTUS ?
HERE, BOY !
( Engine Starts )
( Brutus Barking )
BRUTUS ?
( Barking Continues )
( Barking )
HEY, KID,
YOU LOOKIN' FOR A DOG ?
I SURE AM.
( Laughing )
MR. ARNO.
WELL, GEE, THANKS A LOT.
WHERE DID YOU FIND HIM ?
OH, HE WAS WANDERING AROUND
A FEW BLOCKS DOWN,
SO WE PICKED HIM UP.
HIS ADDRESS WAS ON HIS COLLAR.
WE WERE JUST TAKING HIM THERE
WHEN WE SAW YOU.
YOU LOOKED LIKE YOU WERE
LOOKING FOR A DOG,
SO WE STOPPED.
THAT SURE WAS NICE OF YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYBODY
SAYS ABOUT YOU, MR. ARNO.
ANYONE WHO'S THAT THOUGHTFUL
ABOUT DOGS
IS A FRIEND OF MINE.
THINK NOTHING ABOUT IT, KID.
THANKS AGAIN.
THAT'S OKAY.
GOOD NIGHT.
AAAH ! AAAH !
( Brutus Barking )
ALL RIGHT, GET IN.
- ( Growling )
- GET OUTTA HERE, YA MUTT.
COME ON, YA MUTT !
GET OUTTA HERE !
( Barking Continues )
HUH. SCHUYLER
WAS SO WORRIED ABOUT
BRUTUS BEING LOST.
REALLY. YOU WOULD'VE
KNOWN HE'D BE HOME
BEFORE SCHUYLER WOULD.
( Barking Continues )
OFFICER HURLEY,
THIS IS DEAN HIGGINS.
I WANT TO REPORT
A KIDNAPPING.
IT'S, UH, RICHARD SCHUYLER,
THAT BOY GENIUS
FROM MEDFIELD COLLEGE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
HE'S KIDNAPPED ?
HOW DO I KNOW
BECAUSE HE'S BEEN OUT LOOKING
FOR HIS DOG FOR THREE HOURS.
THAT'S HOW I KNOW.
WELL, DEAN HIGGINS, A BOY
LOOKING FOR HIS DOG FOR
THREE HOURS IS NOT UNUSUAL.
WELL, IT IS WHEN YOU CONSIDER
THAT THE DOG HAS BEEN BACK
FOR TWO HOURS AND 45 MINUTES.
I'M SORRY, DEAN HIGGINS,
BUT THE DEPARTMENT CAN'T
GET ALL RUFFLED OVER THIS.
I DO HAVE A SUGGESTION
TO MAKE, THOUGH.
WHAT'S THAT ?
WELL, IF THE DOG WAS LOST
AND WAS ABLE TO FIND
HIS WAY HOME IN 15 MINUTES,
WHY DON'T YOU SEND THE DOG
OUT TO FIND THE BOY...
AND DON'T BOTHER
THE DEPARTMENT ABOUT IT ?
HOW'S THAT ? I DON'T LIKE IT,
AND I DON'T LIKE
YOUR ATTITUDE.
LET ME SPEAK TO THE CHIEF.
I'M SORRY, THE CHIEF
IS NOT AVAILABLE.
HE IS OUT ADDRESSING
A CHINESE DINNER.
A CHINESE DINNER ?
YOU MEAN, WITH ALL OF THESE
VICIOUS KIDNAPPINGS GOING ON,
THE CHIEF OF POLICE
OF THIS CITY IS AT
A CHINESE RESTAURANT...
STUFFING HIS FACE
WITH RICE AND NOODLES ?
YES !
THANK YOU.
I'M SURE I DON'T NEED
TO TELL YOU GENTLEMEN...
THAT I DIDN'T COME
DOWN HERE TO CHINATOWN...
JUST TO STUFF MY FACE
FULL OF RICE AND NOODLES.
( Laughs )
RICE AND NOOD--
( Clears Throat )
WELL, I--
IN ANY EVENT,
THEY'RE VERY TASTY.
MY COMPLIMENTS TO THE CHEF.
NO, I-I HAVE MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS
TO DO THAN THAT.
I'M DOWN HERE, GENTLEMEN,
TO TALK TO YOU ON BEHALF
OF OUR POLICE DEPARTMENT.
H-HONEST.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
THE FORMULA IS, AND I DON'T
KNOW WHAT'S IN THE FORMULA.
( Cookie ) BOSS, I HATE
TO DO THIS, BUT I GOTTA
GET ROUGH WITH THIS KID.
FIVE MINUTES, I FIND OUT.
IT ALWAYS WORKS.
HONORABLE SIR.
I ADMIRE
YOUR ENTHUSIASM,
BUT THIS BOY
CAN NEVER TELL YOU
WHAT IS IN THE FORMULA,
BECAUSE HE THINKS
HE DOESN'T KNOW.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ?
I KNOW.
YA SEE, STUPID ?
HE KNOWS.
NOW, WILL YA
SHUT UP.
IN ORDER TO FIND TRUTH,
I MUST PUT BOY
IN DEEP SLEEP.
THEN HE WILL TELL US
ALL HE KNOWS.
AW, BOSS, THIS GUY'S
GOTTA BE KIDDIN'.
COME ON.
BE PATIENT.
YOU WILL SEE, MY SON.
"MY SON" ?
WHERE DOES HE GET OFF
CALLING ME HIS SON ?
MAYBE HE LIKES YOU.
WELL, I DON'T
LIKE HIM.
HE GIVES ME ONE
OF THOSE COMPLEXIONS,
LIKE MAYBE I'M NOT
AS SMART AS HE IS,
OR SOMETHING.
HE DOES, EH ?
I WONDER WHY.
NOW WHAT'S HE
GONNA DO ?
WITH YOUR PERMISSION,
WHAT YOU AMERICANS CALL
BRAINWASH.
BRAINWASH ?
- BOSS, I DON'T GO FOR
THIS HOCUS-POCUS STUFF.
- NEITHER DO I.
WHY DON'T WE JUST GO BACK
TO THE OLD-FASHION METHOD,
BELT THE KID AROUND
AND GET THE INFORMATION ?
WILL YOU BE QUIET ?
I'M PAYING FONG
TO DO THIS.
NOW WILL PUT BOY
IN HYPNOTIC TRANCE.
CAUSE DEEP SLEEP.
MAKE PATIENT FEEL
VERY HAPPY.
VERY HAPPY'S OKAY,
BUT WHAT'S WITH
THAT NEEDLE THERE ?
MUST USE ACUPUNCTURE.
FASHIONABLE TODAY
AMONG MODERN CHINESE.
MALLET, PLEASE.
THIS WON'T HURT,
MY SON.
( Fong )
SEE ? PATIENT HAPPY.
YOU ARE VERY TIRED,
MY SON.
YOUR EYES ARE HEAVY.
YOU WILL SLEEP,
YOU WILL BE HAPPY...
AND YOU WILL GO
INTO A DEEP,
DEEP SLEEP.
WHEN I
SNAP MY FINGERS,
YOU WILL
OPEN YOUR EYES,
AND ANSWER
MY QUESTIONS,
THOUGH YOU WILL
STILL BE ASLEEP.
( Snaps Fingers )
HEY, WOULD YA
LOOK AT THAT.
( Fong )
REMEMBER,
WE ARE YOUR FRIENDS.
YOU SHALL TELL US
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW--
EVERYTHING--
RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING.
OH, YES.
MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB,
WHOSE FLEECE
WAS WHITE AS SNOW.
- WHAT ?
- NOT QUITE THAT FAR BACK.
TELL US
ABOUT THE FORMULA.
DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT...
YOU PUT INTO
YOUR STRENGTH FORMULA ?
OH, YES, I DO REMEMBER
WHAT I PUT...
IN MY STRENGTH FORMULA.
PROCEED, PLEASE.
UNIT CONSISTENCY:
700 CENTIGRAMS,
CALCIUM PENTETHEMATE.
900 MILLIGRAMS, NIACIN.
NOT SO FAST !
450 CENTIGRAMS,
PYRIDOXINE.
500 MILLIGRAMS,
PYRIDEXAMINE.
( Mumbling )
WHAT DID HE SAY ?
THAT MUST BE ALL.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
MORE THAN THAT.
WE SHALL SEE.
ANOTHER NEEDLE, PLEASE.
FOR THE LIFE OF ME
I CANNOT UNDERSTAND WHAT
HAS HAPPENED TO THAT BOY.
FRANKLY, DEAN HIGGINS,
I FIND IT ALL
VERY MYSTIFYING.
( Phone Ringing )
THAT COULD BE HIM NOW.
I HOPE SO.
DEAN HIGGINS HERE.
- HARRIET CRUMPLY HERE.
- OH, HA-- AUNT HARRIET.
UH, HOW ARE YOU ?
ABSOLUTELY MISERABLE.
W-WHAT SEEMS TO BE
BOTHERING YOU,
AUNT HARRIET ?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IT'S JUST
WOMAN'S INTUITION,
BUT I HAVE
THE STRANGEST FEELING.
I CAN'T PIN IT DOWN.
( Coughs )
DEAN HIGGINS, IS EVERYTHING
GOING ALONG ALL RIGHT ?
( Coughs )
EVERYTHING IS
WONDERFUL HERE.
IT'S FINE. I MEAN, UH,
WOULDN'T I HAVE CALLED YOU
IF IT WEREN'T ?
OH, GOOD.
I'M GLAD TO HAVE
YOUR REASSURANCES.
YOU KNOW, EVERYTHING I HAVE
IS TIED UP IN THIS.
IF WE WERE TO LOSE,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO.
NO. UH, WELL, FRANKLY,
MY FUTURE WOULDN'T LOOK
TOO BRIGHT EITHER.
( Harriet )
WELL, GOOD.
I'M GLAD
THERE'S NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT THEN.
GOOD NIGHT,
DEAN HIGGINS.
AUNT HARRIET.
( Fong )
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE,
MY SON ?
AND ONE PIECE OF PIZZA.
MUST ADMIT,
VERY UNUSUAL INGREDIENTS
FOR MEDICAL FORMULA.
HOWEVER,
WAYS OF WESTERN PEOPLE
I NOT QUITE UNDERSTAND.
SOUNDS CRAZY
TO ME TOO.
WELL, WHAT ELSE
CAN YOU EXPECT
FROM THIS DOPEY KID ?
HE'S COME UP WITH
A FORMULA THAT'S JUST
SCREWY ENOUGH TO WORK.
COME ON.
LET'S GET THIS
OVER TO HARRY.
THAT KRINKLE CEREAL GUY
IS WAITIN' FOR IT.
NOW, WAIT A SECOND, BOSS.
WE GOTTA TAKE CARE
OF THE KID HERE.
HE CAN IDENTIFY US.
YOUNG MAN WILL BE UNABLE
TO IDENTIFY ANYONE.
HE WILL REMEMBER ONLY
WHAT I TELL HIM
TO REMEMBER,
WILL DO ONLY
WHAT I TELL HIM TO DO.
GOOD.
I TRUST YOU, FONG.
SEE THAT HE GETS HOME
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,
AND MAKE SURE HE DOESN'T
REMEMBER ANYTHING.
JUST GIVE COOKIE
AND ME A MINUTE
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
MY SON,
YOU WILL AWAKE
WHEN I CLAP MY HANDS.
WHEN YOU DO,
YOU WILL REMEMBER NOTHING.
YOU WILL NOT REMEMBER
WHERE YOU HAVE BEEN,
NOR WHAT HAS
HAPPENED TO YOU.
ALL YOU WILL KNOW
IS THAT YOUR LITTLE DOG
IS HOME,
AND HE IS LOOKING
FOR YOU.
HE NEEDS YOU.
YOU MUST HURRY TO HIM.
HE IS LONESOME.
YOU MUST GET HOME
AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
TAKE THE FIRST MEANS
OF TRANSPORTATION YOU SEE.
( Crowd Cheering )
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN.
I'LL BE VERY HAPPY
TO COME DOWN AGAIN
ANY TIME AT ALL, BUT...
( Laughs )
RIGHT NOW I'M AFRAID
IT'S GETTING A LITTLE LATE.
I'VE GOT TO BE ALONG
BACK TO MY OFFICE.
THERE ARE MANY PRESSING DUTIES
AWAITING FOR ME THERE.
SO, JUST
AT THE MOMENT I'LL SAY
GOOD NIGHT ALL, OR--
AH ! BETTER THAN THAT,
ER, UH, "SARANOLA."
( Chuckling )
IS THAT CHINESE ?
WHAT ?
NO. FORGET IT.
( Mumbling )
HOW ABOUT JUST
ONE MORE PICTURE,
CHIEF ?
WITH THE OFFICIAL
COMMITTEE, AND YOUR
MEN, OF COURSE.
WHY NOT ?
ALL RIGHT, MEN.
OVER HERE.
CHOP-CHOP.
PICTURE TIME.
ECCLES. WINWOOD.
ALL RIGHT, MELZER.
OH ! HOPPINS, HOPPINS.
I-I THINK I LEFT MY GLOVES
INSIDE, ON THE TABLE
OF THE RESTAURANT.
WOULD YOU BE KIND
ENOUGH TO GET THEM
FOR ME, HUH ?
THERE WE ARE.
AH, NOW, HUH ?
ANY FRIEND OF THE FRIENDLY
SONS OF ST. PAT-- CONFUCIUS.
UH, RIGHT ?
HERE WE GO, GENTLEMEN.
HMM ?
THERE WE ARE, NOW.
EXCUSE ME.
I HAVE TO GO HOME
TO MY DOG.
HE'S WAITING FOR ME.
SONNY, WILL YOU
GET OUT OF HERE ?
CAN'T YOU S--
( Chuckles )
HIS DOG. HIS DOG
IS WAITING FOR HIM.
HUH ? YOU KNOW,
MAN'S BEST FRIEND ?
( Laughter )
VERY LOYAL.
FINE, SON.
YOU GO RIGHT AHEAD.
GO RIGHT ALONG.
A FINE, UPSTANDING BOY.
ALL RIGHT,
HERE WE GO NOW.
ALL SET ?
OKAY. EVERYBODY SAY,
"CHOW MEIN."
( Together )
CHOW MEIN.
( Fong's Voice )
YOU MUST GET HOME
AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
TAKE THE FIRST MEANS
OF TRANSPORTATION
YOU SEE.
( Engine Starts )
( Tires Squealing )
( Tires Squealing,
Siren Blaring )
THAT CRAZY KID
TOOK MY CAR !
MOUNT UP.
AFTER HIM.
EVERYBODY !
MOUNT UP AND GET
THAT CRAZY KID !
GET ON THE RADIO.
EMERGENCY.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
I WANT AN A.P.B.
SENT OUT ON THAT KID.
ALL RIGHT, WINWOOD,
BURN RUBBER
TO HEADQUARTERS.
HUH ? OH, HOLD IT
JUST A SECOND.
HA-HA. FINE EXAMPLE
OF YOUNG AMERICA.
CONFUCIUS SAY,
"JOY GIN."
OH ! AH ! AH !
WAIT !
( Yelling )
CHIEF, YOUR GLOVES !
FORGET THE GLOVES,
YOU IDIOT !
SHOOT ME DOWN !
CHIEF ?
IT'S BEEN ALMOST FIVE HOURS.
I KNOW SCHUYLER REAL WELL.
HE'S JUST NOT THE TYPE
OF GUY THAT WOULD GO
WANDERING OFF...
FOR THAT LENGTH OF TIME
WITHOUT AT LEAST
PHONING SOMEBODY.
OFFICER, YOU'RE NOT
LISTENING TO ME.
MAYBE YOU'LL
LISTEN TO ME.
I-- WHAT ?
WELL, OF COURSE THIS
IS DEAN HIGGINS.
WANTS TO KNOW IF IT--
WHO ELSE WOULD IT BE ?
BUT DEAN HIGGINS,
A BOY OUT LOOKING FOR HIS--
YOU SHOULD HAVE SENT
SOMEONE OUT HERE BY NOW.
( Siren Approaching )
WELL, I KNOW
HE'S ON HIS WAY,
BUT SO IS CHRISTMAS.
( Siren Continues )
WAIT A MINUTE.
I THINK I HEAR SOMEONE NOW.
( More Sirens )
COULD HE HAVE PICKED UP
A FRIEND ON THE WAY ?
SOUNDS LIKE
HE'S PICKED UP
A COUPLE OF--
LISTEN, I BETTER GET
SOME SATISFACTION.
I'VE WAITED LONG ENOUGH.
RIDICULOUS.
I HATE TO TEAR DOWN
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT, BOYS,
BUT WE HAVE
A YOUNG FELLA KIDNAPPED.
THEY COULD AT LEAST
SEND ONE PERSON OUT HERE.
BUT IT'S THE SAME OLD STORY.
THERE IS NEVER A COP AROUND
WHEN YOU NEED ONE.
( Sirens Blaring )
BRUTUS ?
BRUTUS.
ON THE GROUND !
( Barking )
HI, BRUTUS.
I'M SORRY
ABOUT THE BAIL MONEY.
OH, SORRY.
SORRY DOESN'T FEED
THE BULLDOG.
AND YOU'RE PAYING ME
THAT MONEY BACK.
ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS !
CAN YOU IMAGINE, QUIGLEY,
PAYING $100 FOR SOME
SHENANIGANS LIKE--
WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
SCHUYLER,
IS WHAT YOU WERE DOING
IN A CHINESE RESTAURANT.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND EITHER.
I DON'T REMEMBER ANYTHING.
- DIDN'T HAPPEN TO TALK
TO ANYONE, DID YOU ?
- I DON'T THINK SO.
HE DOESN'T THINK SO.
WELL, THINK HARD.
YOU DIDN'T HAPPEN TO TALK
TO ANYONE ABOUT ANYTHING
IMPORTANT, DID YOU ?
- IMPORTANT ?
- HE MEANS
ABOUT THE FORMULA.
OH, OF COURSE NOT.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT THE FORMULA.
I GOT THAT
ALL LOCKED AWAY UP HERE.
( All )
UP WITH KRINKLE !
DOWN WITH CRUMPLY !
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
CEREAL HISTORY
IS ABOUT TO BE MADE.
GENTLEMEN, IT WORKS.
I FEEL THE BLOOD RUSHING
THROUGH MY VEINS.
IT MAKES ME FEEL
SO YOUNG, SO STRONG,
SO, SO, UH--
- VIBRANT ?
- YOU GOT IT, BECKER.
THAT'S IT.
VIBRANT !
AH ! FEEL THAT !
FEEL IT ! FEEL IT !
DON'T HOLD BACK !
FEEL IT !
( Men Chattering )
ENOUGH !
YOU'LL WRINKLE THE SUIT.
AND NOW, WHAT TO DO ?
SIR, WITH YOUR STRENGTH,
IF I WERE YOU,
I'D DO JUST WHATEVER I WANTED.
AHA !
GOOD THINKING, MERTONS.
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT I WANT TO DO--
WHAT I'VE WANTED TO DO
FOR YEARS.
GREAT-GRANDFATHER KRINKLE,
I'M SO SICK OF YOU
SITTING THERE,
LOOKING DOWN AT ME,
WATCHING EVERYTHING I DO.
NOT THAT !
NOT OUR FOUNDER !
OH, YEAH.
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
EXCUSE ME,
GREAT-GRANDFATHER.
I LOST MY HEAD.
SO YOU THINK YOU'RE
NUMBER ONE, HUH ?
DO YOU ?
YES !
- DO WE DESERVE
TO BE NUMBER ONE ?
- YES !
WE'VE GOTTA PROVE IT.
YOU THINK WE CAN
PROVE IT, MEN ?
YOU CAN DO IT !
I KNOW, MEN,
I KNOW. I'LL--
THE WEIGHTS.
NO, NO, NO.
THEY'RE TOO EASY.
THE LIGHTS !
AH, THAT WOULD BE SILLY.
AH ! I HAVE IT.
WE ALL KNOW
THAT DEAN WIGGINS...
SPLIT THAT CHEAP TABLETOP
OF HARRIET CRUMPLY'S
WITH A KARATE CHOP.
CAN I DO LESS
WITH THIS ?
PERFECT !
GENTLEMEN, STAND BACK
AND WATCH OUT
FOR SPLINTERS.
HA !
OOH !
OOH ! OOH, THAT--
FORTY-EIGHT FIVE, FORTY-NINE,
FORTY-EIGHT FIVE,
FORTY-NINE,
FORTY-NINE FIVE--
FIFTY G'S.
FIFTY G'S !
COOKIE, WE'RE
ON TOP AGAIN !
( Phone Rings )
GOOD NEWS.
THAT MUST BE HIM NOW.
HELLO.
( Whispering )
IT'S HIM.
HELLO, MR. KRINKLE.
HOW ARE YOU ?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
IT DIDN'T WORK ?
WELL, IT DIDN'T WORK !
AND I CAN PROVE IT !
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT.
WELL,
BELIEVE THIS:
IF MEDFIELD WINS
THAT WEIGHT LIFTING CONTEST,
WE'RE ALL GONNA BE THROUGH.
CAN YOU IMAGINE THOSE
SKINNY PUNKS DEFEATING
A GREAT TEAM LIKE STATE ?
- WHY, IT'S RIDICULOUS !
- YES, IT IS RIDICULOUS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
IT REALLY IS RIDICULOUS.
LOOK, MR. KRINKLE,
IF THE FORMULA
DOESN'T WORK,
IT'S ALL THE BETTER.
IF IT DOESN'T WORK
FOR US, IT DOESN'T
WORK FOR THEM.
IT JUST MEANS
THAT HARRIET CRUMPLY
WILL BE DESTROYED.
SHE'LL HAVE
A BUNCH OF WEAKLINGS
EATING HER CEREAL ON TV...
WITH THE FORMULA IN IT.
( Laughs )
NOW, WHAT IF
THE SURE WINNER--
THE GREATEST
WEIGHT LIFTING TEAM
IN AMERICA--
WAS SEEN EATING
KRINKLE CRUNCH CEREAL
JUST BEFORE THE MATCH ?
WHAT WOULD THAT DO FOR US
ON NATIONAL TV ? HUH ?
HE LIKES IT.
YES, I CAN HANDLE IT.
OH, AND MR. KRINKLE ?
TRY AND BE THERE.
YOU'LL LOVE
EVERY MINUTE OF IT.
LOVE EVERY MINUTE
OF IT.
NO, NO, NO.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF THIS
UNTIL AFTER THE MATCH.
BUT WHY ?
I JUST HEARD YOU TELL HIM
HE HAD IT MADE.
I MEAN,
WHAT COULD HAPPEN ?
PROBABLY NOTHING,
BUT YOU BETTER HAVE SOME BOYS
LINED UP, JUST IN CASE.
MEDFIELD HAD
THE RIGHT FORMULA
ONCE BEFORE.
LET'S MAKE SURE
THEY DON'T GET IT AGAIN.
( Sighs )
I'M TELLIN' YA,
IT'S GONNA BE A CINCH.
YOU GUYS SAW ME WHEN I
LIFTED THAT REAL HEAVY GUY
IN DEAN HIGGINS'S OFFICE.
HE WAS LIKE
A FEATHER.
YEAH !
AND REMEMBER THE LOOK
ON DEAN HIGGINS'S FACE ?
YEAH.
AND THE BASKETBALL
BACKBOARD ?
( All Laughing )
I REALLY CAN'T TAKE
ANY CREDIT FOR IT.
SCHUYLER,
IT'S YOUR CEREAL.
IT'S TERRIFIC !
THE SECOND YOU GUYS
EAT THE STUFF, YOU'RE
GONNA FEEL LIKE GIANTS !
YEAH, I CAN HARDLY WAIT
TO GET THAT STUFF
IN MY STOMACH !
WE'LL MURDER
THOSE GUYS !
COME ON ! LET'S GO !
WELL, GOOD AFTERNOON,
GENTLEMEN.
( Together )
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I'M WARNING YOU,
HIGGINS.
YOU'VE BEEN DRAGGING US
OUT TO THESE FOOLISH EVENTS
FOR THE LAST 30 YEARS,
AND YOU NEVER
HAD A WINNER.
THIS IS YOUR
LAST CHANCE.
I'M SICK OF IT !
SICK OF--
( Coughing )
WE'RE ALL SICK OF IT,
HIGGINS.
WELL, UH, GENTLEMEN,
REGENT APPLEBY,
I THINK I CAN ASSURE YOU,
YOU WON'T BE SICK
THIS AFTERNOON.
I'M TELLIN' YA
FOR THE LAST TIME,
YOU BETTER HAVE
A WINNER !
( Man )
YOU CAN SAY THAT
AGAIN, APPLEBY.
I'M TELLIN' YA
FOR THE LAST TIME,
HIGGINS,
YOU BETTER
HAVE A WINNER !
( Coughing )
WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
OF TV LAND, IT LOOKS LIKE...
WE'RE ABOUT TO BEGIN
THIS MUCH-PUBLICIZED
MATCH OF THE CENTURY.
( Announcer )
AND NOW, SPONSORED
BY AUNT HARRIET CRUMPLY...
AND HER NEW
VITAMIN-ENRICHED CEREAL
SUPER FORMULA "X,"
WE PRESENT
THE MEDFIELD WILDCATS !
( Cheering )
AND SPONSORED
BY HORATIO KRINKLE,
AND NURTURED
BY THE WORLD-FAMOUS
KRINKLE KRUNCH,
WE PROUDLY PRESENT
THE NATIONAL CHAMPION
STATE TEAM !
( Cheering )
YOU KNOW, ON THE SURFACE
THIS DOES LOOK LIKE
A TERRIBLE MISMATCH.
DOESN'T IT, HARRY ?
YES, BUT WE KNOW BETTER,
DON'T WE, QUIGLEY ?
GOOD LUCK.
( Whistle Blows )
I'M NOT SURE
WHETHER WE'RE HAVING
A WEIGHT LIFTING MATCH...
OR A CEREAL-EATING
CONTEST.
( Whistle Blows )
WE'LL MURDER
THOSE GUYS !
LET'S GO GET 'EM !
HEY, YOU COMIN',
DEXTER ?
UH--
UH, YEAH.
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YA.
IS SOMETHING WRONG ?
HUH ? UH, NO.
NOTHIN' AT ALL.
GOOD !
I FEEL GREAT !
( Announcer )
THERE WILL BE
A TWO-MINUTE WARM-UP...
BEFORE THE COMPETITION
BEGINS.
BREATHE !
GET UP THERE ! GOOD !
COME ON ! LET'S GO !
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
DEXTER ?
PLENTY.
PROFESSOR,
WE GOT TROUBLE.
THE FORMULA
DOESN'T WORK.
DOESN'T WORK ?
DEXTER, HOW CAN YOU
SAY IT DOESN'T WORK ?
LOOK AT THEM.
YEAH, LOOK AT 'EM.
THEY'RE JUST CARRIED AWAY.
THEY'RE JUST PSYCHED UP,
I'M TELLIN' YA,
BUT THEY'RE NOT ANY STRONGER.
SCHUYLER, YOU DIDN'T
CHANGE ANYTHING, DID YA ?
NO, I'M SURE
I DIDN'T.
IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME.
IT ISN'T ? WELL,
GEE, I CAN'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT COULD'VE GONE WRONG.
IT'S MISSING SOMETHING.
( Sighs )
NO SMOKE, NO NOTHIN'.
DEXTER, WHAT DO YOU
THINK IS WRONG ?
I JUST DON'T KNOW.
IT'S--
WAIT A MINUTE.
THE ACID TASTE.
IT HAD AN ACID TASTE
BEFORE.
BUT A VITAMIN FORMULA LIKE
MINE WOULDN'T HAVE AN ACID
TASTE. THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
A VITAMIN FORMULA WOULDN'T,
BUT MINE WOULD.
IT HAD A DEFINITE
ACID TASTE.
- THAT DAY HALF
OF MY FORMULA WAS MISSING.
- WHAT DAY WAS THAT ?
THE DAY ALL THAT STUFF
GOT KNOCKED OVER IN THE LAB.
THE DAY THE COW
GAVE ALL THE MILK.
THAT WAS THE DAY
BEFORE I ATE THE CEREAL
AND GOT STRONG.
SCHUYLER, SOMEHOW
MY FORMULA GOT MIXED UP
IN THE CEREAL.
IT WAS MY FORMULA
THAT GAVE IT THE STRENGTH,
NOT THE VITAMINS.
YOU MEAN MY FORMULA
DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH IT ?
I DON'T KNOW, SCHUYLER.
ALL I DO KNOW IS THAT WE DON'T
HAVE THE RIGHT FORMULA NOW,
AND IF WE WANT TO WIN,
I'D BETTER GET THE RIGHT ONE
IN A HURRY.
GOOD. I'M GLAD YOU'RE DOING
SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
BY ALL MEANS, GET GOING.
( Announcer )
WILL ALL CONTESTANTS
CLEAR THE FLOOR, PLEASE.
GIVE ME THE KEYS TO YOUR CAR.
I RAN OUT OF GAS
JUST AS WE GOT HERE.
- HOW ABOUT YOURS, PROFESSOR ?
- NO. I CAME OVER
WITH DEAN HIGGINS.
- ( Announcer )  THE FIRST
CONTESTANT FOR STATE,
- DEAN HIGGINS ?
ATTEMPTING 250 POUNDS,
AMBROSE JOYKOWSKI.
( Crowd Cheering )
ARNO, THIS IS HARRY.
YOU GOT THE GUYS ?
OKAY.
HERE'S WHAT YOU DO.
DEXTER RILEY IS
ONE OF OUR CONTESTANTS.
SAY HELLO TO THE NICE
GENTLEMEN, DEXTER.
H-HI.
DEAN, I-I NEED THE--
COULD I HAVE THE KEYS
TO YOUR CAR ?
ONE OF OUR BETTER
STUDENTS TOO. THE KEYS
TO THE CAR ? CERTAINLY.
( Keys Jingling )
THANKS, DEAN.
OH, THAT DEXTER RILEY.
BEEN AROUND HERE
A LONG TIME.
HE'S A SENIOR NOW,
BUT I REMEMBER WHEN HE
FIRST CAME TO APPLY.
HE CAME TO ME PERSONALLY.
HE SAID, "DEAN, CAN I HAVE
THE KEYS TO YOUR CAR ?"
WELL, NATURALLY,
I SAID NO,
BECAUSE THE--
THE KEYS TO MY CAR !
HE'S GOT THE KEYS
TO MY CAR !
IF THAT LUNATIC SO MUCH AS
SCRATCHES ONE BIT OF PAINT
ON THAT CAR, I'LL--
UH, NICE BOY,
THAT DEXTER.
NICE BOY.
SEE HIM ? NICE.
WON'T BE THE SAME
WHEN HE GRADUATES.
( Audience Cheering )
( Band: Fanfare )
( Announcer )
FOR MEDFIELD,
ATTEMPTING 275 POUNDS,
WILL BE
PETER "PORKY" PETERSON.
TWO HUNDRED
SEVENTY-FIVE POUNDS.
HE'LL RIP THAT OFF EASY.
YEAH. WE'LL BE
AHEAD ALREADY.
WHAT IS THAT THING ?
HE'S NOT LIFTIN' WEIGHTS
FOR US--
( Coughs )
UH, IS HE ?
AS YOU IN TV LAND WILL NOTICE,
THE MEDFIELD CONTESTANT IS
A LITTLE BIT OUT OF SHAPE,
BUT DON'T LET THAT FOOL YOU.
REMEMBER, THE CARDINAL
RULE OF ANY SPORT:
IT'S NOT THE MUSCLE
YOU HAVE,
BUT HOW YOU USE IT.
( Chuckling )
( Drum Roll )
HIGGINS,
WHAT'S HE DOING NOW ?
THIS IS EMBARRASSING.
( Drum Roll Continues )
( Crowd Gasping,
Murmuring )
( Laughter )
( Laughter Continues )
ATTA BOY, PORKY,
TAKE IT EASY.
IT'S OKAY, PORKY.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT.
( Coughs )
( Men Clamoring )
( Sobbing )
GONE. EVERYTHING'S GONE.
I'M SORRY, AUNT HARRIET.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
( Announcer )
FOR STATE, ATTEMPTING
275 POUNDS,
OH, LEAVE ME ALONE !
WILL BE SAM NICOLETTI.
( Crowd Cheering )
PROFESSOR QUIGLEY ?
UH, YEAH, HECTOR ?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
SINCE THE CEREAL THING
DIDN'T WORK,
WE WERE JUST WONDERING
IF MAYBE YOU MIGHT
BE INTERESTED...
IN, UH,
AN HONORABLE SURRENDER.
SIT DOWN, HECTOR.
NOW, LOOK, YOU GUYS,
LET'S GET ONE THING
STRAIGHT.
THIS MEET
IS NOT OVER YET.
IT ISN'T ?
I'VE NEVER SEEN
ANYTHING MORE OVER.
( Announcer )
SO THEN YABLONSKI OF STATE
PRESSED 350 POUNDS.
THEN IT WAS
MEDFIELD'S TURN AGAIN.
( Bike Horn Honks )
( Car Horn Honking )
( Siren Wailing )
HEY, KID, WE APPRECIATE YOU
KEEPIN' THE SPEED DOWN,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
THIS IS BEING
A LITTLE BIT RIDICULOUS ?
UH, I'M SORRY,
BUT I CAN'T GO
ANY FASTER.
THE NEXT CONTESTANT FOR
MEDFIELD IS SLITHER ROTH,
WHO WILL LIFT--
( Chuckles )
THAT IS, TRY TO LIFT--
IT LOOKS LIKE THEY'VE
CHANGED THEIR STRATEGY.
THEY'RE GOING
DOWN IN WEIGHT
INSTEAD OF UP.
( Crowd Cheering )
WELL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
ONCE AGAIN WE HAVE...
A MEDFIELD CONTESTANT WHO
DOESN'T LOOK OVERLY STRONG,
BUT HE DOES LOOK
LIKE HE HAS A LOT
OF CONFIDENCE.
I ADMIRE THAT.
DON'T YOU ?
( Chuckling )
( Crowd Murmuring )
( Drum Roll )
( Drum Roll Continues )
( Crowd Murmuring )
- ( Whistle Blows )
- HE DID IT !
( Crowd Cheering )
( Crowd Gasping )
( Whistle Blows )
HIS MUSCLES SEEM TO HAVE
FROZEN. HE CAN'T LET GO
OF THE BARBELL.
( Laughter )
( Whistle Blows )
LET GO OF IT !
OOH ! OHHH !
( Yelling )
( Laughter )
( Band: Fanfare )
( Cheering,
Applause )
THAT'S THE ACID TASTE.
( Door Opens )
A.J. ARNO.
WHAT ARE YOU--
OKAY, DEXTER,
WE'LL TAKE THAT FORMULA.
UH, WHY ?
IT DOESN'T EVEN WORK.
( Grunts )
SEE ?
OH, THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL TAKE IT ANYWAY.
GO GET IT, BOYS.
( Men Yelling )
AH !
- IT'S YOU.
- YOU LEAVE ME ALONE,
YOUNG MAN.
YOU WERE BEHIND THIS
ALL THE TIME,
WEREN'T YA ?
I'M WARNING YOU, YOUNG MAN.
NOW, YOU LET ME GO.
( Dexter )
HEY, FELLAS !
HERE'S YOUR CAPTAIN !
STRIKE !
( Drum Roll )
YAAH !
( Whistle Blows,
Crowd Cheering )
( Band: Fanfare )
YAAAAH !
AND NOW FOR MEDFIELD'S
LAST CONTESTANT...
AND LAST HOPE,
( Laughs )
DEXTER RILEY.
IN ORDER FOR MEDFIELD
TO WIN,
DEXTER WILL HAVE TO LIFT
OVER 1100 POUNDS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
HE'S OUT
FOR EQUIPMENT REPAIR ?
HE'S GONNA NEED MORE
THAN EQUIPMENT REPAIR
TO LIFT THAT THING.
( Announcer ) THE REFEREE
IS ALLOWING DEXTER RILEY
EXACTLY FOUR MINUTES.
FOUR MINUTES ?
HOW CAN I GET THERE
IN FOUR MINUTES ?
( Engine Rumbling )
( All Coughing )
( Siren Blaring )
( Screeching )
( Siren Continues,
Stops )
( Screeching Continues )
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
HAPPENED WITH YOU KIDS,
BUT YOU SURE CHANGE
YOUR DRIVIN' HABITS FAST.
LET ME HAVE YOUR
OPERATOR'S LICENSE.
UH, I'M AFRAID I LEFT IT
IN MY CLOTHES
BACK AT THE GYM.
THAT JUST
MAKES IT WORSE, KID.
HOPE YOU GOT LICENSE PLATES
ON THIS THING.
WELL--
CHARLEY, WIPE THAT OFF,
WILL YA ?
( Announcer )
NOW I SEE WE'RE DOWN
TO OUR FINAL TWO MINUTES.
NOW, IF DEXTER RILEY
DOESN'T APPEAR AND PERFORM
BY THAT TIME,
IT WILL BE ALL OVER.
TWO MINUTES ?
( Bell Dings )
I'M SORRY.
I GOTTA GO !
- WHERE IS THAT KID ?
- DON'T YELL AT ME !
I TOLD YOU,
HE'S OUT FOR, UH, UH, UH,
EQUIPMENT REPAIR.
WHY DON'T YOU CALL
THIS WHOLE FARCE OFF ?
THAT KID'S NOT OUT
FOR EQUIPMENT REPAIRS,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
LET'S FACE IT.
HE'S, HE'S RUN OUT ON YA.
HOW DARE YOU !
IF DEAN WIGGINS SAYS
THE BOY IS OUT
FOR EQUIPMENT REPAIRS,
FOR EQUIPMENT REPAIRS.
RIGHT, WIGGINS ?
- HIGGINS, NOT WIGGINS !
HIGGINS !
- HIGGINS !
( Tires Screeching )
MY CAR.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT, DEAN.
IT'S JUST A QUESTION
OF REPLACING A FEW PARTS.
THE ONLY THING LEFT
IS ANNABELLE.
( Announcer )
DEXTER RILEY,
ATTEMPTING 1111 POUNDS.
( Crowd Cheering )
( Drum Roll )
( Grunts )
( Drum Roll Continues )
( Panting, Grunts )
( Grunts )
OH, NO. IT'S GOING !
I GOTTA GET
SOME MORE CEREAL, REF.
( Murmuring )
HURRY UP, KID.
YOU HAVEN'T GOT
MUCH TIME !
I'M ALL SET NOW, REF.
WHAT WAS THAT ?
THAT'S DEXTER RILEY.
HE'S A MEMBER OF OUR
WEIGHT LIFTING TEAM.
( Murmuring Continues )
( Drum Roll )
IT'S WORKING,
DEXTER.
COME ON !
OOH !
- ( Applause, Cheering )
- ( Whistle Blows )
HE DID IT ! HE DID IT !
MEDFIELD'S WON
THE MEET !
DEXTER RILEY IS
THE STRONGEST MAN
IN THE WORLD !
( Cheering, Applause
Continue )
( Team )
WE ARE NUMBER ONE ! HEY !
( Coughing )
( Chanting Continues )